https://hnrss.org/frontpage
https://lobste.rs/rss
https://sic.pm/feeds/latest.rss
https://ln.ht/_/feed/
https://tildes.net/topics.rss
https://www.lesswrong.com/feed.xml?view=frontpage-rss&karmaThreshold=30
https://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/index
https://phys.org/rss-feed/physics-news/
https://phys.org/rss-feed/space-news/
https://www.philstar.com/rss/headlines News
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/planet/
https://lineageos.org/feed.xml
https://vivaldi.com/feed/
https://www.joelonsoftware.com/feed/
https://drewdevault.com/blog/index.xml
https://buttondown.email/hillelwayne/rss
https://ntietz.com/atom.xml
https://blog.orhun.dev/rss.xml
https://manuelmoreale.com/feed/rss
https://pitsidianak.is/blog/feed.xml
https://f5n.org/blog/atom.xml
https://lpcvoid.com/rss
https://btxx.org/index.atom
https://ig.emnace.org/feed.xml
https://rubin55.org/feed.xml
https://changelog.complete.org/feed
https://what-if.xkcd.com/feed.atom
http://services.runescape.com/m=news/latest_news.rss
http://services.runescape.com/m=news/latest_news.rss?oldschool=true
https://shatteredpixel.com/feed.xml
https://github.com/arkenfox/user.js/releases.atom "Github Releases"
https://github.com/babel/babel-eslint/releases.atom "Github Releases"
https://github.com/okcompute/es-ctags/releases.atom "Github Releases"
https://github.com/firebase/bolt/releases.atom "Github Releases"
https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/circleci-cli/releases.atom "Github Releases"
https://github.com/Rich-Harris/degit/releases.atom "Github Releases"
https://github.com/lukejacksonn/servor/releases.atom "Github Releases"
https://github.com/lwfinger/rtw89/releases.atom "Github Releases"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUHW94eEFW7hkUMVaZz4eDg Youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=MINUTEFOOD Youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHnyfMqiRRG1u-2MsSQLbXA Youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6IxnFzHofFJ5X2PycSMsww Youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYO_jab_esuFRV4b17AJtAw Youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6nSFpj9HTCZ5t-N3Rm3-HA Youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClq42foiSgl7sSpLupnugGA Youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFT0m9E3lbPVH0I06vXmV4Q Youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCs-w7E2HZWwXmjt9RTvBB_A Youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=Jeporite Youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=pwn2kill22 Youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=BRJokerz Youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=biffotasty Youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=rayray19wun Youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=Marlinpie Youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=YipeSisIFC Youtube
